Feature/cambios q rdesatendido (#1030)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/stores-pos.en.md

Learn more with our [API Reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/pos/_pos/post).

> WARNING 
> 

> > IMPORTANT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Important
```

> 

> > As of April 20, 2021, Point of sales can not be created without an assigned store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After April 20th, 2021, Point of Sales can not be created without an assigned store.
```
